Brendan Boyd  CSCI5229  Final Project

Draws a car in a desert scene. Compile with 'make' and run with 'final'.
The files CSCIx229.h, errcheck.c, fatal.c, loadtexbmp.c, object.c, print.c, and
project.c were created by Willem Schreuder.  The files shadow.frag, shadow.vert,
and makefile were modified from files created by Willem Schreuder.

Bragging points:
 *  Shadows!  Shadows from the overhead light are drawn using a shadowmap shader
  modified from Willem Schreuder's.  The modifications to the shader were made
  to allow the car's headlights to still work with the shader activated.
 *  The ground is drawn using a textured DEM.  The DEM was generated using a
  combination of exponential and sinusoidal functions and exported from MATLAB.
  The MATLAB code was created from scratch using my own formulas and algorithms.
  The DEM's normals are calculated using cross products.  A display list is used
  to extract the vertices, calculate the normals, and draw the ground.
 *  The cacti are randomly generated with a random number and size of arms.  A
  display list is used to randomly generate all of the cacti at once.  The arms
  of the cactus are a continuous curve on the outside.  Additionally, when
  generating the cactus locations, care is taken to put them at the proper
  height and not have them on the road.
 *  The car's headlights use spotlight lighting and can be toggled on/off.  When
  the lights are on, the face of the headlight object lights up.  Significantly,
  the headlights still work with the shadow map shader.
 *  The road's shape can be changed using the number keys.  The car will follow
  whatever shape the road is and will continually point in the direction of the
  road.  The road's curve is generated from a collection of sinusoidal functions
  to guarantee smoothness, differentiability, and periodicity.

Key Bindings:
  m/M         Toggle movement
  h/H         Toggle car headlights
  numbers     Change road shape
  L/R arrows  Move car forward and backward
  U/D arrows  Move sun (time) forward and backward
  F1          Regenerate cactus locations (sometimes you have to hold it down)
  x/X         Toggle axes
  wasd/mouse  Change view angle
  PgDn/PgUp   Zoom in and out
  r/R         Reset view angle
  ESC         Exit
